Vwrs configuration section (#1199)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/vwrs/03-configuration-and-setup/01-configuring-edgeworkers.md

---
sidebar_position: 30
title: Configure a VWRs EdgeWorker
---

# Overview

> VWRs require [Akamai EdgeWorker Documentation](https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs) to execute functions at the edge to help redirect and optimize web traffic for your websites. To get started using EdgeWorkers with VWRs, you need to import the `VirtualWaitingRoom` class from the photoniq-vwrs-client using Node Package Manager (NPM). This integrates the VWRs with the EdgeWorker. 

Reviewer: Does it need documentation to execute?  I think you can remove documentation.

> VWRs require [Akamai EdgeWorker Documentation](https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs) to execute functions at the edge to help redirect and optimize web traffic for your websites. To get started using EdgeWorkers with VWRs, you need to import the `VirtualWaitingRoom` class from the photoniq-vwrs-client using Node Package Manager (NPM). This integrates the VWRs with the EdgeWorker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VWRs require [Akamai EdgeWorkers ](https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs) to help redirect and optimize web traffic for your websites. To get started you need to import the `VirtualWaitingRoom` clas from the photoniq-vwrs-client using Node Package Manager (NPM). This integrates the VWRs with the EdgeWorker. 
```

Reviewer: Remember, NPM is not being used.

## Setting Up EdgeWorkers

### Prerequisites
To configure EdgeWorkers for use with VWRs, you need the following:

- An [Akamai EdgeWorker resource tier](https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs/resource-tier-limitations): Because the VWRs EdgeWorker performs up to two sub-requests, this resource tier must allow at least two HTTP sub-requests on the `onClientRequest` event handler. 
- [Akamai Property Manager user-defined variables](https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs/request-object#setvariable): This helps set the value of the Property Manager user-defined variable to control how Akamai controls network traffic. PhotonIQ uses about 350 characters out of the 1024 limit set by Akamai. 

### Step 1: Install the PhotonIQ VWRs Client

> Before you can set up an EdgeWorker, you must install `@macrometa/photoniq-vwrs-client`.

Reviewer: I think Naimish said that this is not what we support anymore.

Reviewer: We are going to need @naimishvora-macrometa to help us come up with the correct steps here.
